
# Paladin

## Chest Runes


### Aegis

Increases your block value by 30% and damaging melee and ranged attacks against you have a 10% chance to increase your chance to block by 30%. Lasts 10 sec or 5 blocks. Effect not cumulative with Redoubt.

::code-group
  ::code-block{label="Elwynn Forest"}
    Discover in the Jasperlode Mines, Elwynn Forest(61,53)
    ::alert{type="warning"}
      Requires Purify ability; trainable at level 8
    ::
    - Go past the kobolds; to the end of the spider cave, and you'll find the <span style="color:#E4E400">**Wounded Adventurer**</span>(60,50)
    - Cleanse the <span style="color:#E4E400">**Wounded Adventurer**</span> with Purify
    - Interact with the cleansed adventurer and receive Rune of Aegis.
    - Use the rune to add Aegis to your engravings
  ::
  ::code-block{label="Dun Morogh"}
    Discover outside Gnomeregan, Dun Morogh(25,43)
    ::alert{type="warning"}
      Requires Purify ability; trainable at level 8
    ::
    - Located next to the vented grates with the green gases.
    - Cleanse the <span style="color:#E4E400">**Wounded Adventurer**</span> with Purify
    - Interact with the cleansed adventurer and receive Rune of Aegis.
    - Use the rune to add Aegis to your engravings
  ::
::
---

### Divine Storm

An instant weapon attack that causes 110% of weapon damage to up to 4 enemies within 8 yards. The Divine Storm heals up to 3 party or raid members totaling 25% of the damage caused.

::code-group
  ::code-block{label="Human & Dwarf"}
    Discover at Tower of Althalaxx, northern Darkshore(56,26)
    - Althalaxx Orb is located on a table at the top floor of the tower.
    ::alert{type="warning"}
      Mobs inside the tower are level 25+
    ::
    Head to Ashenvale and speak with <span style="color:#E4E400">**Delgren the Purifier**</span>(26,39)
    > <span style="color:#FFFC01">**! Advice From Stormwind**<span>

    This will then lead you to <span style="color:#E4E400">**Katherine the Pure**</span>(38,32) inside the Cathedral at Stormwind. She will give you a follow-up quest.

    > <span style="color:#FFFC01">**! A Second Opinion**<span>

    You will find <span style="color:#E4E400">**Ursula Deline**</span> a Warlock Trainer, also in Stormwind at the Mage Quarter under the Slaughtered Lamb tavern(26,77). She will give you another quest.

    > <span style="color:#FFFC01">**! Earning Your Salt**<span>

    Head to Redridge Mountains
    - Slay <span style="color:#E4E400">**Blackrock Orcs(Summoners** </span> and <span style="color:#E4E400">**Champions)**</span></span> for Summoner's Salt
    - Return back to <span style="color:#E4E400">**Ursula Deline**</span>

    > <span style="color:#FFFC01">**! It Must Be Destroyed**<span>

    Head to Demon Fall Canyon, Ashenvale located southeast.
    - Slay <span style="color:#E4E400">**Searning Infernals, Felguards**</span>, or <span style="color:#E4E400">**Mannoroc Lashers** </span> for Mote of Mannoroth.
    - Find Mannoroth's Weapons(89,77)
      - The weapons look like floating glaives above the summoning circle.
      - Click on the summoning circle under the weapons to destroy the Orb of Atthalaxx Orb.
  ::alert{type="warning"}
    Be sure to pick up the follow-up quest, by clicking the disc on the ground.
  ::
    > <span style="color:#FFFC01">**! Return to Delgren**<span>

    - Talk to <span style="color:#E4E400">**Delgren the Purifier**</span> once more to complete the quest and you will learn Divine Storm.
  ::
::
---

### Horn of Lordaeron

The Paladin blows the Horn of Lordaeron, which increases total Strength and Agility of all party members within 30 yards by 6. Lasts 2 min. Exclusive with Blessing of Might.

::code-group
  ::code-block{label="Westfall"}
  Discover at Gold Coast Quarry, Westfall(32,43)
  Slay <span style="color:#E4E400">**Undying Laborer**</span> for Libram of Blessings
  ::alert{type="warning"}
    <span style="color:#E4E400">**Undying Laborer**</span> will go immune at 0 HP. It must be killed with a holy damaging spell(Exorcism, Righteousness Judgement, ect).
  ::
  Libram of Blessings
    - Equip Libram of Blessings
    - Buff 5 unique players with Blessings
  ::
  ::code-block{label="Loch Modan"}
    Discover in Thelsalmar, Loch Modan(35,49)
    Located in the the lower rooms of the Stoutlager Inn

    - Loot the shiny book on the table
    - Equip Libram of Blessings
    - Buff 5 unique players with Blessings
  ::
::
---

### Seal of Martyrdom

Fills you with holy spirit for 30 sec, causing each of your melee attacks to deal 30% weapon damage to your target, but you lose health equal to 10% of the damage inflicted. While this seal is active, your party and raid members within 40 yards each gain mana equal to 10% of damage you take from this seal.

Unleashing this Seal's energy will judge an enemy, instantly causing 70% weapon damage at the cost of health equal to 10% of the damage inflicted.

::code-group
  ::code-block{label="Human & Dwarf"}
    Discover in the Cathedral of Stormwind(37, 29)

    Speak with <span style="color:#E4E400">**Brother Romulus**</span>

    - He will have a gossip option regarding <span style="color:#E4E400">**Ada Gelhardt**</span>
    - Use the nearby stairs on the left leading down into the catacombs
    - Go past the library and into the lowest room toward the North of the catacombs.
    - The Charred Note is found next to a set of candles(33,24)

    Locating <span style="color:#E4E400">**Ada Gelhardt**</span>
    - Fly to Westfall
    - <span style="color:#E4E400">**Ada**</span> is located on the Hushed Bank northeast of Westfall(65,35)
    - On the map for Duskwood, the island is located(4,28)

    Fight <span style="color:#E4E400">**Ada GelHardt**</span>
    ::alert{type='info'}
      She is level 10 and solo-able.
    ::
    - Speak with <span style="color:#E4E400">**Ada**</span> and go through her dialogue she will then be aggressive.
    - <span style="color:#E4E400">**Ada**</span> will concede from nearly dying and become friendly
    - Speak to her again completing the dialog exchange and she will give you the Rune of Martyrdom.
  ::
::
---

## Glove Runes

### Beacon of Light

The target becomes a Beacon of Light to all members of your party or raid within a 40 yard radius. Any heals you cast on party or raid members will also heal the Beacon for 100% of the amount healed. Only one target can be the Beacon of Light at a time. Lasts 1 min.

::code-group
  ::code-block{label="Human & Dwarf"}
    Purchasable from the <span style="color:#E4E400">**Azeroth Commerce Authority**</span>

    Increase reputation by turning in Waylaid Supplies
    - Located near auction houses in every major city
    - Increased reputation gained by replacing the missing supplies.

    ::alert{type="warning"}
    You can only carry one type of Waylaid Supplies at a time
    ::
    ::alert{type="info"}
      Reputation requirement has been reduced to Friendly
    ::
    - Cost 2g for Rune of Beckoning Light
  ::
::
---

### Crusader Strike

An instant strike that causes 75% weapon damage and regenerates 2% of your maximum mana.

::code-group
  ::code-block{label="Human"}
  Discover at Northshire Abbey: <span style="color:#E4E400">**Brother Sammuel**</span>(50,42):

    <span style="color:#E4E400">**Brother Sammuel**</span> will give you a quest
    > <span style="color:#FFFC01">**! Relics of the Light**<span>

    - Slay Defias Thug and loot them for Libram of Judgement
    - Equip Libram of Judgement
    ::alert{type="warning"}
      Must have Judgement ability trained to build Inspiration
    ::
    
    - Use Judgement on 10 enemies building Inspiration
    - After 10 judgements activate Libram of Judgement on-use effect to learn Crusader Strike
  ::

  ::code-block{label="Dwarf"}
    - Found at location: (x,y);
    <br>
    - item 1
    - item 2
  ::
::
---

### Hand of Reckoning

Taunts the target to attack you, but has no effect if the target is already attacking you.

While you know this ability, the threat bonus from Righteous Fury is increased to 80% and Righteous Fury causes you to gain mana when healed by others equal to 25% of the amount healed. Additionally, while Righteous Fury is active, damage which takes you below 35% health is reduced by 20%. Righteous Fury will remain active until cancelled.

::code-group
  ::code-block{label="Loch Modan"}
  Discover in Stonesplinter Valley, Loch Modan

  Enter the Trogg Cave(34,84)
    - Follow the cave river flowing toward the south and jump into the cavern lake
    - Underwater the chest is a Sunken Reliquary
    - Loot Libram of Justice

  Libram of Justice activation
  - Equip Libram of Justice
  - Slay 10 enemies while they are stunned by the Hammer of Justice
  ::
  ::code-block{label="Westfall"}
  Discover in southeastern Westfall(70,70)
    - Slay Defias Drone
    - Loot Libram of Justice
    
  Libram of Justice activation
  - Equip Libram of Justice
  - Slay 10 enemies while they are stunned by the Hammer of Justice
  ::
::
---

### Avenger's Shield

Hurls a holy shield at the enemy, dealing (366 */ 100 + 0.091 * Spell power + 0.091 * Attack power) to (448 */ 100 + 0.091 * Spell power + 0.091 * Attack power) Holy damage, Dazing them and then jumping to additional nearby enemies. Affects 3 total targets. Lasts 10 sec.

::code-group
  ::code-block{label="Human & Dwarf"}
    Discover in Redridge Mountains

    Slay <span style="color:#E4E400">**Dro'zem the Blasphemous**</span> for Rune of the Avenger
    - <span style="color:#E4E400">**Drom'zem**</span> is a rare spawn with various spawning points:
      - Northern Redridge Blackrock Camp(34,7)
      - Near Stonewatch Keep(64,50)
      - Southern Redridge eastern camps(77,70)
  ::
::
---

## Leg Runes

### Divine Sacrifice

30% of all damage taken by party members within 30 yards is redirected to the Paladin for 10 sec. Damage which reduces the Paladin below 20% health will break the effect and grant the paladin 10% increased damage and healing done for 10 sec. Divine Sacrifice cannot be used while you are under the effects of Blessing of Protection, Divine Shield, or Divine Protection, and prevents you from being targeted by those abilities while it is active.

::code-group
  ::code-block{label="Dwarf & Human"}
  Discover in Ratchet, Barrens(61,39): <span style="color:#E4E400">**Grizzby**</span>
  ::alert{type="warning"}
    Minimum level for questline is 20.
  ::
  ::alert{type="info"}

    <span style="color:#E4E400">**Grizzby**</span> is located inside the Ratchet Inn.
  ::
  After the gossip dialogue <span style="color:#E4E400">**Grizzby**</span> will ask you to complete 3 quests:
  ><span style="color:#FFFC01"> **! Fish Oil**
    - Collect 24 <span style="color:#FFFDD0">**Fish Oils**<span>
    - Drop from Murlocs/Nagas from Blackfathom Deeps, Hillsbrad Foothills, or can be 
    - Purchasable from the Auction House.
    ***
  ><span style="color:#FFFC01"> **! Dark Iron Ordinance**
    - Collect 20 <span style="color:#FFFDD0">**Dark Iron Ordinances**</span>
    - Drop from Dark Iron elites in Northern Wetlands: Dun Modr
    - Purchasable from the Auction House
    ***
  ><span style="color:#FFFC01"> **! Shredder Turbochargers**
    - Collect 16 <span style="color:#FFFDD0">**Shredder Turbochargers**</span>
      - <span style="color:#FFFDD0">**Shredder Turbocharger**</span> are salvaged from <span style="color:#E4E400">**Venture Co. Light Shredder**</span>  patroling the Windshear Crag in Stonetalon Mountains.
      - Slay the  <span style="color:#E4E400">shredders</span> and use <span style="color:#FFFDD0">**Shredder Autosalvage Unit**</span> to salvage its parts.

      ::alert{type="warning"}
        <span style="color:#FFFDD0">**Shredder Autosalvage Unit**</span> are single-use only.
      ::
      ::alert{type="danger"}
        <span style="color:#FFFDD0">**Shredder Turbochargers**</span> are a chance on salvage and not guaranteed to drop. 
      ::
      - <span style="color:#FFFDD0">**Shredder Autosalvage Unit**</span> are crafted by engineers or bought on the auction house.

      - The <span style="color:#1EFF0C">**Schematics: Shredder Autosalvage Unit**</span> for engineers can be acquired from defeating <span style="color:#E4E400">**Sneed**</span> in the Deadmines.
      ::alert{type="info"}
        **Rogues**: <span style="color:#1EFF0C">**Schematic: Shreadder Autosalvage Unit**</span> have been reported to be pickpocket-able from  <span style="color:#E4E400">Venture Co. Builders, Engineers, and Operators</span>.
      ::
  ::
::

---

### Exorcist

Exorcism can now be cast on any target and has 100% increased critical strike chance against Undead and Demons.

::code-group
  ::code-block{label="Human & Dwarf"}
  Discover in Southwest, Duskwood
  ::alert{type='warning'}
    Requires Turn Undead ability which is trainable at 24
  ::
    Near the Addle's Stead south of Raven Hill
    - Slay <span style="color:#E4E400">**Defias Night Blades**</span> and <span style="color:#E4E400">**Night Runners**</span>(22,71)

  ::alert{type='info'}
    These Defias units can also be found in Yorgen Farmstead(50,78)
  ::
    - Loot and equip Libram of Banishment

    Libram of Banishment activation
    - Undead mobs must be feared using the ability Turn Undead
    - You must also land a killing blow using Exorcism while the undead mob is feared.
  ::
::
---

### Inspiration Exemplar

Gain the Inspiration Exemplar
ability:
Your inspiring presence periodically dispels Fear and Sleep effects on nearby party members.

::code-group
  ::code-block{label="Elwynn Forest"}
  Discover near Jerod's Landing, Elwynn Forest(52,85)
    - Find the <span style="color:#E4E400">**Adventurer's Remains**</span>
    - Perform ritual with another paladin or priest
    - Loot the ghostly specter for Rune of Inspiration.
  ::
  ::code-block{label="Dun Morogh"}
  Discover in the Wendigo Cave. West of Kharanos in Dun Morogh
  - Enter cavern(42,52)
  - Find <span style="color:#E4E400">**Adventurer's Remains**</span>(43,49)
  - Perform ritual with another paladin or priest
  - Loot the ghostly specter for Rune of Inspiration.

  ::
::
---

### Rebuke

Interrupts spellcasting and prevents any spell in that school from being cast for 2 sec.

::code-group
  ::code-block{label="Stormwind City"}
  Discover in The Park, Stormwind City
    - Speak with <span style="color:#E4E400">**Liv Bradform**</span> at the tavern(22,64)
    - She will ask you to bounce <span style="color:#E4E400">**Stuart**</span>; a drunkard in the tavern
    - Speak with <span style="color:#E4E400">**Liv Bradford**</span> again to receive Rune of Rebuke
    - Use the rune to learn Rebuke
  ::
  ::code-block{label="Ironforge"}
  Discover in The Military Ward, Ironforge
    - Speak with <span style="color:#E4E400">**Bruuk Barleybeard**</span> at the inn(72,75)
    - He will ask you to bounce <span style="color:#E4E400">**Bruar**</span>t; a drunkard in the inn
    - Speak with <span style="color:#E4E400">**Bruuk Barleybeard**</span> again to receive Rune of Rebuke
    - Use the rune to learn Rebuke
  ::
::